The files with prefix "master_" are the wrapper scripts that call other
scripts in a certain order. For most python scripts, "<script> -h" provides
a brief description of what the code does, its input and output. The setup
assumes that there is a "work" folder inside the "code" folder where all
the scripts are called from.

# Generating the simulation environment
===========================================================================
master_create.sh: Pipeline to create cells, assign attributes and define
their multi-pathway neighbors. Each network of cells ("Cell" object
defined in cellular_automata.py) is stored as a pickle file (.pkl). The
appropriate pickle file is loaded for each simulation. 

master_localities.sh: Pipeline to create localities, assign attributes and
analyze them.

cellular_automata.py: defines the cellular automata (or temporal network)
class.

create_ca.py: This is the script that creates the network pickle file given
bounding box for the study region, cell size, Moore neighborhood, locality
information, etc.

create_ca.sbatch: Slurm script for embarassingly parallel invocation of
create_ca.py.

fill_data_ca.sbatch: This is a slurm script which contains the invocation
of fill_data_ca.py.

filter_mapspam.py: Cell level production information from MAPSPAM. It
generates ../processed/ca_mapspam_pop.csv.

fill_data_ca.py: Cell attributes are assigned to the cells in the input
pickle file.

locality_data.py: Given cell attributes, computes attributes for each
locality.

interventions.py: Modifies pickle files by changing the flows, and thereby
implementing the intervention strategy.

read_tiff.py: required by fill_data_ca.py

# Running the simulations
===========================================================================

master_run_BGD.sh: This is the pipeline for the parameterization phase. The
data from Bangladesh was used in this case. Hence the suffix BGD. It
includes parameterization, running simulations, computing similarity score
and storing them.

master_run_SEA.sh: This is the pipeline to study the spread in the entire
region of Mainland Southeast Asia.

master_run_countries.sh: This is the pipeline to study domestic spread in
countries of the study region.

run_ca.py: This is the main script implementing the simulator. It loads the
network (pickle file) and performs the simulation given initial conditions
and model parameters.

run_ca.sbatch; run_ca_BGD.sbatch; run_ca_countries.sbatch: Slurm scripts to
run run_ca.py in parallel.

evaluate_probs.py: Given a simulation output, and time window, it computes
for each cell the probability of infection for every time step. 

cart_multivariate.R: It is used for parameter exploration. Model parameters
correspond to features and the similarity score (called likelihood in the
code) is the dependent variable. The decision tree that results from the
algorithm is used to guide exploration in subsequent iterations.

# Post processing
===========================================================================

haversine_country.py: This is used for the range of expansion plots.

# Miscellaneous
===========================================================================
run_guimpai.py: Implementation of the Guimapi et al. model.
